I will give you a series of messages written by different discord users which are separated by a new line. For each message, the author has said which university they are going to. I want you to identify the university name. If you cannot identify the university, use UNKNOWN. I want you to use university names recognized by usnews. Respond in a format like this: "author - university name" where the interested areas is a comma separated list. Ignore honors college, ignore schools/colleges within the university. Ignore potential majors they are interested in.

onyx#3778 wrote "committed to tufts for cognitive and brain sciences!!"
Jon Snow#7439 wrote "Committed to UPenn for 'Business Management' and 'Law and Society'. Indian student here on an almost full scholarship!!! Go Quakers!"
lysander#3356 wrote "Committed to the University of Virginia School of Engineering :)"
kiley#0254 wrote "Committed (as a transfer) to USC for Theatre! Fight On! "
Purrs#0661 wrote "Committed to Union College for Computer Science and Mathematics!"
planes#9560 wrote "committed to university of delaware as a business major :prisgroove:"
spicemax#3954 wrote "Committed to UC Berkeley for Electrical Engineering & Computer Sciences! "
kevinmalone#5682 wrote "Committed to Olin college of engineering for Computer Engineering"
Attiksh#2886 wrote "Committed to Case Western for CS"
selena#1205 wrote "Committed to University of California Irvine for CS and Neuroscience"
Atomz#2130 wrote "Committed to NCSU for business "
Toastium#0146 wrote "Committed to Rice University for Astrophyiscs! "
Officemax#1904 wrote "Committed to The New School for a dual-degree in Psychology/Illustration(Lang/Parsons)!!!! Gooooo Narwhals "
florlnfaydn#4436 wrote "Committed to the University of North Texas for materials science and engineering!  "
BlueTeam#6492 wrote "Committed to UW-Madison. Planning to major in Computer Sciences"
RedCauliflower35#5749 wrote "Committed to UC Davis for Environmental Science and Management (on the premed track)! I've really fallen in love with this school and the major itself, as well as the general vibe of Davis itself! Go Aggies!!"
K9_Kid#0350 wrote "Committed to UIUC for Computer Science!"
ariana🖤#6914 wrote "Committed to New York institute of tech for computer science and minoring in graphic design !!"
axolotl#8526 wrote "committed to MIT!!!!! :heartato:i couldn't have imagined being here a year ago :heartlove: thank you to all of you for being amazing and supportive :ghosthug:"
TheGuardian#2120 wrote "Committed to UC Berkeley for Economics/Business!!! Go Bears! "
yys_#6788 wrote "Commited to Rutgers New Brunswick (Honors College!!) for Cell Biology&Neuroscience!!"
Megnet#1853 wrote "Committed to Stevens Institute of Technology for Computer Science!"
Nati#9161 wrote "Committed to Duke University for Electrical and Computer Engineering. "
wildflowers#5275 wrote "Committed to Cornell College of Arts & Sciences!! I'm still undecided but am leaning towards linguistics or anthropology. Go Big Red!"
Caprese#2439 wrote "Committed to Bucknell University for the Freeman College of Management!"
RisingLegend24#1460 wrote "Committed to UIUC for Computer Engineering! Go Illini!!!This was one of my dream schools and I hope that I am able to take advantage of opportunities in those 4 years to be successful!"
master oogway#1886 wrote "Committed to UC Berkeley for Political Science (L&S)!! Hopefully double majoring in business or econ at Haas too. Go Bears!!!!!"
Skeezy#3359 wrote "Committed to University of Wisconsin-Madison for Computer Science!On, Wisconsin!Edit: Thank you everyone!"
sundae#7921 wrote "Committed to Harvard for Biomedical Engineering on a Pre-Med Track! Roll Crim!"
mickyuwu#5391 wrote "committed to cornell university for biological sciences!! go big red "
Cambonius#3796 wrote "Committed to Brandeis University for no major yet, but I'm probably going to major in Computer Science and minor in Business!"
bidoof#4943 wrote "Enrolled in the nearest community college as a comms (or web design/development) major, hopefully looking into working as a writer for a newspaper, on-air broadcaster, or freelance web design/developer depending on pay!! "
Honorable#9526 wrote "Committed to UC Davis for Data Science with possible minors in CS and Philosophy! go Aggies:RDJScream: :frogcool:"
Deleted User#0000 wrote "Committed to FSU (Fakultet Savremenih Umetnosti/Faculty of Contemporary Arts) as an art-multimedia major. "
Tishidiv#4856 wrote "Committed to Carnegie Mellon University for Architecture!"
CKCKCK#1161 wrote "Committed to Syracuse University for Architecture! Lesgo archies (very rare on a2c)"
Techboy#5727 wrote "Committed to Rose Hulman Institute of Technology for Computer Engineering. Go Rosies"
ayo#9138 wrote "Committed to NYU (campus of AD) initially for electrical engineering, but I'll probably double major in CS and Econ. Go violets!"
pi3rce#6958 wrote "Committed to SUNY Stony Brook for psychology and pre med! Go seawolves!"
speemch#4064 wrote "Committed to UT Austin for Computer Science as part of the Turing Scholars honors program! I'm also doing the College of Natural Sciences Dean's Scholars Honors Program and am planning on double majoring in Mathematics. Hook 'em horns! "