I will give you a series of messages written by different discord users which are separated by a new line. For each message, the author has said which university they are going to. I want you to identify the university name. If you cannot identify the university, use UNKNOWN. I want you to use university names recognized by usnews. Respond in a format like this: "author - university name" where the interested areas is a comma separated list. Ignore honors college, ignore schools/colleges within the university. Ignore potential majors they are interested in.

Cutepet09#3327 wrote "Committed to Princeton University for Molecular Biology!!"
iberdeber#5815 wrote "committed to virginia tech for english (and hopefully comp sci or bio!) #gokies"
SeriousSea#3825 wrote "Committed to Georgia Tech for Computational Media! Go Yellow Jackets !"
roo#8113 wrote "committed to uc berkeley for business!"
LemonJesus#1801 wrote "Committed to Georgetowns School of Foreign Service "
quil#5552 wrote "Committed to Stanford for physics!! "
patrick.#6969 wrote "committed to the university of tampa for environmental studies :woah:"
Run4Life13#6143 wrote "Committed to UNC Chapel Hill for Biochemistry!!!   Go Heels!!!"
dandark#7614 wrote "Commited to Carnegie Mellon University for Engineering :peepocelebrate:"
samai#0111 wrote "Committed to Emory-Oxford Spring for econ!"
Croissant#4256 wrote "Committed to Canisius College for Environmental Science, with intentions to add psychology to the arrangement :sharky:"
kéy#8011 wrote "Committed to CU Boulder!(undecided, but leaning towards chemical engineering or cs with a minor in hindi/urdu!) Sko buffs! <------ closest emoji I could find that resembles a buffalo"
lilbillbiscuit#0001 wrote "Committed to Yale for CS :D (idk what else to add so but just going to add some text here to conform to the unofficial message length standard :teehee: )"
urfavasian#2066 wrote "committed to harvard for linguistics and computer science (and possible minor in chinese) hehe,,, go pilgrims ? and roll crim lolz"
Sumn#5727 wrote "Committed to NYU Shanghai for Computer Science!! :ghosthug:"
Spencillian#6315 wrote "Committed to Carnegie Mellon College of Engineering for Electrical and Computer Engineering!!! LETS GOOOOOOOOOOOOO "
washedzah#0052 wrote "Committed to Berkeley for Engineering "
dit#4463 wrote "committed to colby college for astrophysics! GO MULES"
b7#9502 wrote "Committed to Purdue (West Lafayette) for first-year engineering (intending on majoring in aerospace engineering and minoring in creative writing)! Boiler up!"
auremi#0198 wrote "Committed to Brown for English and Romance Languages! "
miz#0571 wrote "Committed to Colby College for Science, Technology and Society! (My dream major that I genuinely thought I would never be able to take!!! Ahhh!!!!) "
MeepPenguin7#6987 wrote "Committed to USC for Astronautical Engineering!"
TheDonutRobot#5088 wrote "Commited to University of Richmond for Math, Computer Science (and maybe a minor in Philosophy?)!!! :duckcool::duckcool:"
CHARLEX™ (They/Them)#2952 wrote "Committed to UCSD for Aerospace Engineering at Marshall College!!:frogcool:"
Blitz#7071 wrote "Committed to Wake Forest University for finance or maybe economics with a double major or minor in math. I also will be playing club lacrosse for Wake. Go Deacons!"
Deleted User#0000 wrote "Indiana University double majoring in Law & Public Policy, Cybersecurity & Global Policy, and minoring Marketing as I plan to go into the legal industry. I plan to further my education with an accelerated MPA program, and then attend law school. Go Hoosiers!"
hadia#7728 wrote "committed to UCLA for pre political science!!! LETS GO BRUINS!!!!!!!!!!!! "
superfapcheems#2864 wrote "Firmed Oxford University for physics lessssgoooo!"
Petrichor#6562 wrote "Committed to Cornell for Computer Science GO BIG RED!!!!!!!"
Supreme Goosling#6628 wrote "Committed to UW-Madison for Biology (Pre-Med). I will most likely double major in either Global Health or History (Ik its weird). I also plan to attend med school. Go Badgers!"
dreammi#6734 wrote "committed to northwestern for engineering!!!  "
Trains#5845 wrote "Committed to Tufts' School of Arts and Sciences for Economics and/or Political Science!!! GO JUMBOS  "
dkim#6310 wrote "Committed to UW-Seattle's Foster School of Business for Business Administration (concentrated in Finance/Marketing)! Go Huskies!"
tis i#9704 wrote "Committed to Princeton for International Relations!!  Roll Tigers! "
bexlex#7611 wrote "committed to olin college of engineering!!"
have.some.pham#5790 wrote "Committed to Pitt Honors for Mathematics and CS!"
a_rock#8647 wrote "comMITted to MIT for computer science and engineering "
Dark Knight#1881 wrote "Committed to Villanova Honors for computer science and business( Also basketballll!!)"
lasagna#3267 wrote "Committed to UCLA- Microbiology, Immunology and Molecular Genetics!! Go Bruins!  "
cathartidae#0373 wrote "committed to Purdue for chemistry! "