I will give you a series of messages written by different discord users which are separated by a new line. For each message, the author has said which university they are going to. I want you to identify the university name. If you cannot identify the university, use UNKNOWN. I want you to use university names recognized by usnews. Respond in a format like this: "author - university name" where the interested areas is a comma separated list. Ignore honors college, ignore schools/colleges within the university. Ignore potential majors they are interested in.

Time#4563 wrote "Committed to Cal Poly SLO for Mechanical Engineering!! Go Mustangs!   "
Casey5603#2083 wrote "Heading to Swarthmore in the fall for philosophy and theater. Go Garnet!"
Weormie#1738 wrote "Committed to UC Irvine for Biological Sciences!! Zot Zot Zot!!!!"
leganrac#7242 wrote "Committed to the University of Michigan Ross School of Business for a Bachelors of Business Administration with a potential concentration in Business Law/Business Econ! Go Blue!!"
JacobG#9327 wrote "About this... just committed to Tufts University for Computer Science!!!!  :alphat:"
pamplemousse#5250 wrote "I'm late lol but committed to UCLA for chemical engineering!!"
olives#3657 wrote "I'm super super late but I committed to the University of Pennsylvania!"
zion#3505 wrote "Im also really late but I committed to Stanford University! "
alper#1736 wrote "A bit of a difference from the USA-heavy commitments here, I recently committed to Sorbonne University in Paris for mechanical engineering! :peepocelebrate:"
sydn#6488 wrote "super late but committed to yale uni!"
alkiepoodles#8850 wrote "committed to yale for applied physics and urban planning!"
Deleted User#0000 wrote " mory"
Ayothemango#3362 wrote "I know Im extremely late but I committed to Middlebury!"
joseph2222#0061 wrote "i am too late but i committed to Upenn to study Economics and Politics!!!  go quakers!!! "
antgalaxy#4595 wrote "Decided to stay where I am!  Thank you everybody on here for supporting me throughout me reapplying!  I know I've been a different person this year, and I haven't been as upbeat and hopeful as I would have liked, and I'm really sorry about that.  But it means a lot to have all your support.  Seeing so many of you get a lot of success has truly made me happy, and congratulations to all of you.  I can't wait to hear about what you all end up doing, and I wish you all the very best."
FrostAries#6621 wrote "Enrolled and is going to Carnegie University Mellon (SCS)! I was accepted off of waitlist haha"
Retr0#4307 wrote "Late but I committed to Michigan State University (MSU) to major in Finance as an honors student! Go Spartans!"
Enunciated#3475 wrote "Rather late, but committed to UCR earlier this yr (May) Go highlanders!"
HarryPotterEatsPie#5399 wrote "very late but finally got verified  committed to (and currently sitting in my dorm) the university of pennsylvania studying political science and possibly gender studies / journalism / pre-law(?)! go quakers "