I will give you a series of messages written by different discord users which are separated by a new line. For each message, the author has said which university they are going to and potential areas they are interested in doing. I want you to identify the university name and the potential areas they are interested in doing. If you cannot identify the major, use UNKNOWN. If you cannot identify the university, use UNKNOWN. I want you to use university names recognized by usnews. Respond in a format like this: "author - university name - area1, etc" where the interested areas is a comma separated list. I want you to make the interested areas be standardized and have their full names without any extra modifiers. Do not add any extra "and's" in the response, separate interested areas using a comma, separate majors and minors, ignore concentrations, do not use forward slashes, ignore honors college, ignore schools/colleges within the university.

sev#0001 wrote "Committed to UC Berkeley to study Electrical Engineering and Computer Sciences (EECS)! GO BEARS! "
jenerally_speaking#8487 wrote "Committed to Vanderbilt University in the College of Arts and Science! Planning to major in economics :) ANCHOR DOWNNNN  "
alicia#8888 wrote "committed to ucla for design media arts in the school of arts and architecture :)) bruin til the day i die "
samiha#0519 wrote "commited to the University of Michigan for biomedical engineering  GO BLUE  "
Yashbertosaurus#2784 wrote "Committed to Purdue for Computer engineering (Boiler Up) "
nadya | gatech ‘27#1352 wrote "Committed to KSU my freshman year but Georgia Tech 27 in Biochemistry ( thru guaranteed transfer admission)! its the cheapest option as instate student plus ga tech is the best. "
Trifolds#1947 wrote "Committed to UT Austin for Mechanical Engineering! Hook 'em Horns!! "
Rye | CS & Finance#9567 wrote "Committed to Boston University for Finance and CS!  "
droov#1038 wrote "Committed to Penn for Computer Science in the School of Engineering and Applied Science! Hoping to dual degree at Wharton too! Go Quakers "
Calypso#9517 wrote "Committed to Columbia College at Columbia University for Astrophysics and Public Policy! Roar Lion Roar! "
loopy#8232 wrote "Committed to Tufts University for Econ/CS! Go Jumbos!!!!! "
subaru#1450 wrote "committed to amherst college! unsure about my future plans but i'm leaning towards a double major in physics and CS. go mammoths! "
LuminescentLight#4093 wrote "Committed to University of Michigan for Mathematics :3 GO BLUE! "
FlamingBD#8800 wrote "Committed to Purdue(+ Honors) for Airline Management and Operations . Boiler Up! "
DC25#3546 wrote "Committed to UC Berkeley for Electrical Engineering and Computer Science. Go Bears! "
KeroppiCake#4144 wrote "Committed to harvard for physics and english! roll crim "
cheezyg#9221 wrote "Committed to UNC-Chapel Hill, intending to major in Physics + Computer Science with a minor in Applied Sciences and Engineering! Go  !"
oklahoma city#6027 wrote "Committed to UC Irvine for computer science! Go Anteaters!"
yoda from star trek#9080 wrote "Committed to The University of Connecticut (UConn) as a Business Undecided Major!   "
a d d y#2129 wrote "Committed to UC Berkeley for Mathematics and Sociology! GO BEARS!"
fake tux#6916 wrote "Committed to Princeton University BSE, intending to major in Computer Science hopefully with a certificate in Robotics and Intelligent Systems! TIGER PRIDE 27!"
brick#8362 wrote "Committed to University of Pennsylvania for Physics with a possible minor in Theatre Arts! GO QUAKERS!"
birb#5297 wrote "Committed to UC Berkeley for Applied Mathematics! Go bears "
xd husky#5451 wrote "Committed to Case Western Reserve University for Data Science with a minor in Management! Go Spartans "
Azis#6842 wrote "Committed to Swarthmore College! Most likely majoring in CS and Psychology. Go Phoenix! "