I will give you a series of messages written by different discord users which are separated by a new line. For each message, the author has said which university they are going to and potential areas they are interested in doing. I want you to identify the university name and the potential areas they are interested in doing. If you cannot identify the major, use UNKNOWN. If you cannot identify the university, use UNKNOWN. I want you to use university names recognized by usnews. Respond in a format like this: "author - university name - area1, etc" where the interested areas is a comma separated list. I want you to make the interested areas be standardized and have their full names without any extra modifiers. Do not add any extra "and's" in the response, separate interested areas using a comma, separate majors and minors, ignore concentrations, do not use forward slashes, ignore honors college, ignore schools/colleges within the university.

DuckinaHoodie#6118 wrote "Committed to UC San Diego for Theatre! (and possibly a double major!)Go Tritons!  "
Etherite#1387 wrote "Committed to Yale to study CS and Math! Boola boola "
FirestarXYZ#0035 wrote "Officially committed to Yale for computer science :)) Boola boola "
ʎʇsıɹɥɔ#7102 wrote "Committed to Case Western Reserve University for Neuroscience with a minor in CS and spanish (considering a minor in chemistry as well)!! Go Spartans "
boba#5232 wrote "Officially committed to Stanford University for Political Science and Economics on the Pre-Law Track with a minor in South Asian Studies:) FEAR THE TREE! "
squishyalmighty#0520 wrote "Committed to UC San Diego for cognitive science with a possible minor in music! GO TRITONS!!!   "
krispygiraffe#7219 wrote "Committed to William and Mary for either Biology or Math on a Pre-Med Track! Go Tribe!"
jitslayer#4959 wrote "Committed to Pitt for Physics and Quantum Computing!! HAIL TO PITT!!"
farway#3304 wrote "Committed to Appalachian State University, majoring in Political Science with a minor in either Community and Regional Planning or Geography! ROLL 'NEERS "
unofficialmilkman#8736 wrote "Committed to SUNY New Paltz for English >:))) Go Hawks!! "
shanye#6396 wrote "Committed to Dartmouth for CS + Econ + Computer Engineering    GO BIG GREEN "
arrow#7963 wrote "Committed to Northwestern for Computer Engineering! Go Wildcats! :demonic_cat:"
beehehe#5851 wrote "Committed to Skidmore for English with a minor in Film and Media Studies! Go Thoroughbreds!!! "
chrisbru#7697 wrote "Committed to UCLA for Biz and Poli Sci, USC sucks. GO BRUINS!"
jaju#2911 wrote "Committed to UCSD for Math - CS! Go Tritons"
JaYeSh#2397 wrote "Committed to Azim Premji University for Physics..."
rovarue#4462 wrote "committed to James Madison University for Bio + Theatre "
william#9999 wrote "Committed to Georgia Tech to study computer science!! Go Yellowjackets!   "
The Red Chicken#3025 wrote "Committed to the University of Toronto for Astronomy and Physics! This whole process was a wild ride and im very happy that I am able to go to my top choice!   "
Mythaar#5830 wrote "Committed to Cornell for Computer Science! Extremely excited!"
JustAnOkapi#8658 wrote "UTD for CogSci"
jaelyn#1267 wrote "Committed to College of Engineering @ Cornell University"
DanielSan#5855 wrote "committed to Colby College for computer science and music! go mules!"
Harry Potter#6598 wrote "Committed to Virginia Tech University for Computer Science! Let's go Hokies"
abhi#9999 wrote "Committed to the University of Southern California for Public Policy and Finance! Fuck UCLA and FIGHT ON!!! "