I will give you a series of messages written by different discord users which are separated by a new line. For each message, the author has said which university they are going to and potential areas they are interested in doing. I want you to identify the university name and the potential areas they are interested in doing. If you cannot identify the major, use UNKNOWN. If you cannot identify the university, use UNKNOWN. I want you to use university names recognized by usnews. Respond in a format like this: "author - university name - area1, etc" where the interested areas is a comma separated list. I want you to make the interested areas be standardized and have their full names without any extra modifiers. Do not add any extra "and's" in the response, separate interested areas using a comma, separate majors and minors, ignore concentrations, do not use forward slashes, ignore honors college, ignore schools/colleges within the university.

Tarquin#9892 wrote "Committed to the University of Wisconsin-Madison for Computer Engineering. #FutureBadger"
Hargun#6466 wrote "Purdue '27 for Computer Science and Mathematics!BOILER UPPPP "
katep#5603 wrote "committed to the university of pittsburgh honors college for a psychology and neuroscience double major (hopefully!) on a full ride  hail to pitt!"
sarawqmt#2442 wrote "commited to University of Wisconsin-Madison for compter science! ON WISCONSIN!!:blobrainbow:"
LukaLuka#7606 wrote "committed to University of Pennsylvania for chemistry!  "
alexyz#3459 wrote "committed to University of Wisconsin-Madison for comp sci!"
A man#0696 wrote "Committed to the University of Pittsburgh for Premed! H2P!"
hmm#0407 wrote "committed to University of Michigan college of engineering!!!  "
xNoir#6003 wrote "Committed to Purdue for Comp sci!   "
ahahana#4722 wrote "committed to Iowa State University as a CS major on a full tuition scholarship!! Go Cyclones!!"
silkberries#2253 wrote "Committed to Carnegie Mellon University (CMU) for Computer Science thank u all for coming along wit this crazy college apps ride with me could not have done it without u guys help. GO TARTANS"
sleepysleeper#7913 wrote "committed to the university of rochester for biochemistry on a pre-med track!! go yellowjackets "
Jeff#6415 wrote "Committed to Case Western for Biomedical Engineering (assuming nothing happens in waitlists). Lebron come back to Cleveland and go Spartans  :peepocelebrate:  :peepocelebrate:  :peepocelebrate:"
emreee#4252 wrote "Committed to University of Pennsylvania for Economics at the Wharton School. Mind blowing how just a couple months ago I was starting at the class of '26s commitments and I was mind blown looking at their amazing decisions. As a first generation student, I entered this cycle with no idea of how the admissions process worked but with the help of many amazing individuals in this server I'm going to the Ivy League. Genuinely thank you, thank you so much to everyone here, you guys have honestly changed my life :D"
DrPro#1737 wrote "Committed to UCR for Material Science and Engineering!"
MakiN#6125 wrote "Committed to the University of Rochester for Computer Science and possibly minor in Econ! Go Yellowjackets~~~ "
Naiad#0001 wrote "Committed to Northwestern University, probably for econ but I'm really not sure!  Coming into the application process I knew little and A2C provided a lot of guidance which I'm very thankful for and I'm so grateful to be in the spot I'm in now.  Go Wildcats!  "
Kingddd7777#4429 wrote "Committed to USC! Still thinking about what I want to do, but likely Finance/CS! Thank you A2C for all the support in this admissions process : ) I really appreciate my time with y'all here! GO TROJANS! "
pi3rce#6958 wrote "committed to Saint Anselm College to compete at the DII level for track and field! HAWKS SOAR HIGHER "
himothy#9046 wrote "Committed to Harvard College for CS. Roll Crimson! :alphah:"
forky#1292 wrote "committed to USC for environmental engineering! FIGHT ON! "
yera#0017 wrote "committed to the university of notre dame as a hesburgh-yusko scholar and a glynn family honors scholar! planning to major in political science and minor in PPE!! go irish   "
LynxeonLiv#1806 wrote "Committed to Johns Hopkins for Biology and Film on a Pre-Med track! GO BLUE JAYS!!!        "
AloeAlan#6087 wrote "Committed to Northwestern University for Econ and/or IE and/or CS! Go Wildcats! "
mich???#7698 wrote "Committed to Cornell University for Electrical and Computer Engineering! GO BIG REDDD!    "