I will give you a series of messages written by different discord users which are separated by a new line. For each message, the author has said which university they are going to and potential areas they are interested in doing. I want you to identify the university name and the potential areas they are interested in doing. If you cannot identify the major, use UNKNOWN. If you cannot identify the university, use UNKNOWN. I want you to use university names recognized by usnews. Respond in a format like this: "author - university name - area1, etc" where the interested areas is a comma separated list. I want you to make the interested areas be standardized and have their full names without any extra modifiers. Do not add any extra "and's" in the response, separate interested areas using a comma, separate majors and minors, ignore concentrations, do not use forward slashes, ignore honors college, ignore schools/colleges within the university.

ynb#3289 wrote "Committed to UMD LTSC, intending to major in Computer Science! Go Terps! "
corayue#8497 wrote "Committed to the Sophie Davis School of Medicine/The CUNY School of Medicine for Biomedical Science! Class of 2030 "
mattoo#6594 wrote "Committed to UT Austin + Honors for Mechanical Engineering! Hook 'em. "
MJM13#5900 wrote "Committed to Georgetown University's Walsh School of Foreign Service, studying International Politics! HOYA SAXA! :alphag:"
william_cwang#3963 wrote "Committed to the University of Washington, majoring in Informatics! Go Huskies!!! "
cherrypicked#2127 wrote "Committed to the University of Florida for computer science. Go Gators! "
crustedchickenpasta#2181 wrote "Know I said I'd leave this server for good after ivy day, but committed to Johns Hopkins University for Biomedical Engineering! Go Blue Jays!!  "
FireOfPies!#4330 wrote "Committed to Rowan University for Sports Communication and Media, with a hopeful double major in Communication Studies. Go Profs!!!  "
✿ Adrian ✿#7127 wrote "Committed to University of california, San diego for Interdisciplinary computing and the arts and I plan to double major in cognitive science too  GOOOO TRITONS  "
Kosargsosod#2092 wrote "Committed to Purdue University for Integrated Business and Engineering with admission to the John Martinson Honours College at West Lafayette, Indiana. I'd Like to thank A2C for all the support. Boiler Up! Hammer down!   LESGOOO BABY ITS FINALLY OVER WOOOOOOO"
meower#3840 wrote "Committed to Georgia Tech for CS! (Kind of an anticlimactic end and RD massacre to what was a great Early/UC round). But anyways. India -> Atlanta Go jackets ! Also, thank u A2C-ers. Idek what I'd do without your help :)"
JadenStar10#3620 wrote "Committed to the New Jersey Institute of Technology Albert Dorman Honors College for Computer Science! Got a full ride + 2.5k per year to go. GO HIGHLANDERS!  "
ion05#2227 wrote "Committed to Purdue University for Computer Science. WILL GIVE MY FULL TO PURDUE CUZ ITS THE ONLY ONE WHO RECOGNIZED MY TALENTS. GO BOILERS!!! WOO"
Viv#2459 wrote "Commited to Boston University for Music with a potential minor in French! Roll terriers! ||but honestly BOOOO no physical acceptance package >:(||"
Kris#6627 wrote "Committed to American University in D.C. for Political Science! Received Dean's Scholarship + invitation to the AU Cornerstone Program! Go Eagles!! "
nasir#0343 wrote "Committed to the University of Miami for Computer Science, and a potential minor in Interactive Media! GO CANES "
xuaaelin#6089 wrote "Commited to UC Berkeley for Bioengineering + Business. Go bears! :p"
jayyyy#6626 wrote "Committed to University of Maryland LTSC, with an intended major of Computer Science !! GO TERPS    "
Abhiram#1893 wrote "Committed to Caltech for Physics+Mathematics!! Lessgooooooo"
Dari#4600 wrote "Committed to Singidunum University in Belgrade Serbia. English major. I was missing one point from the max score."
Tazzo#1112 wrote "Committed to Northwestern to study economics at Weinberg! Wooooo"
lizy liz#1184 wrote "Committed to Washington University in St. Louis to study Chemistry on a Pre-Med track! Got a full ride Go bears!"
charls#0001 wrote "Committed to the University of Chicago to study Economics in a 4+1 program! Go Maroons!!!"
badfacepainting#6705 wrote "committed to brown university with intended concentrations in music and literary arts! GO BEARS!!!"
oskalos#6990 wrote "Committed to Brown University and double concentrating in Computer Science and Applied Math-Economics!  GOOOO BEARS!!!!!"