I will give you a series of messages written by different discord users which are separated by a new line. For each message, the author has said which university they are going to and potential areas they are interested in doing. I want you to identify the university name and the potential areas they are interested in doing. If you cannot identify the major, use UNKNOWN. If you cannot identify the university, use UNKNOWN. I want you to use university names recognized by usnews. Respond in a format like this: "author - university name - area1, etc" where the interested areas is a comma separated list. I want you to make the interested areas be standardized and have their full names without any extra modifiers. Do not add any extra "and's" in the response, separate interested areas using a comma, separate majors and minors, ignore concentrations, do not use forward slashes, ignore honors college, ignore schools/colleges within the university.

houseofballoons#0003 wrote "committed to columbia college chicago "
samberrypie#3402 wrote "committed to the university of alabama as a bio major on the pre-med track with a potential theatre minor! ROLL TIDE   :alphaa:"
Ninjasolver#6980 wrote "Committed to Cornell University. Going to major in computer science with astronomy. GO BIG RED!!!"
ApexLight#0420 wrote "Committed to Michigan State University! Going in undecided because I have zero idea what tf I want to do with my life  Go Green! "
miliana#2626 wrote "committed to wellesley college!! going for mathematics  super nervous cause its across the country but im EXCITED "
rb#8613 wrote "Committed to UC Berkeley for economics with a minor in data science! I'm an international student travelling 12 hours to california - GO BEARS!  "
forever10#6924 wrote "Committed to UChicago for Computer Science! Possible minor in Econ and Environmental Science! Go Maroons! "
tayyy#2222 wrote "Committed to Purdue (and honors college) for genetics! Hoping to minor in psychology. Boiler up  !!!"
Dr. Pill#1130 wrote "Committed to Rutgers New Brunswick majoring in Biochemistry! GO SCARLET KNIGHTS "
pottedgruyere#6484 wrote "Committed to Florida State University (Honors Program) for economics!! GO NOLES!!!  "
roriii#0314 wrote "Committed to Tufts University for Biochemistry on a premed track & French! GO JUMBOS!!! "
Tyrannosaurus Rex#2938 wrote "Officially Committed to Case Western Reserve University for Polymer Science and Engineering as an Air Force ROTC Cadet and a minor in Business Management! GO SPARTANS!! "
Yoco#2008 wrote "Officially Committed to MIT!!!Most likely going to study Computer Science with a focus on AI or CS+EE.I'm incredibly grateful for the amazing opportunity to go to my dream school with a full ride. TIM the beaver is my one true love  "
ChipsOn17#1573 wrote "Officially committed to university of pittsburgh for their cs program. Fortunately recieved an insane amount of financial aid and will need to pay less than 10k per year in tuition as an out of state student. Extremely grateful to have recieved this admit and hope to enjoy my next four years there."
fatpunani#6440 wrote "Officially committed to Colgate University for Applied Mathematics! I plan to double minor in Economics and Computer Science. I moved from the East Coast to Cali 9 years ago; I'm so excited to return to where I truly felt I belonged. GO RAIDERS!!!   "
scott_#5909 wrote "officially committed to emerson college for film!cant wait to join the emerson mafia and backdoor my way into hollywood. also cant wait to finally leave the boring ahh silicon valley and live in downtown boston. grateful to have no student debt. ill see yall at the oscars  :zamn:"
gooseo#5836 wrote "Committed to Bowdoin College. Likely majoring in Economics or Biochemistry. Go Polar Bears! "
itzmelauryn#1221 wrote "Officially committed to Oregon State University. Going to be majoring in marketing and planning on minoring in new media communications. GO BEAVS "
Soba#4794 wrote "Committed to the University of Florida for CS and maybe a minor in engineering! GO GATORS!!!  (yes i'm aware this is a crocodile emoji)"
cadwi#5103 wrote "Officially committed to the University of Rochester to study environmental science and music!! Incredibly excited to live in essentially the depths of the Arctic for the next four years. GO YELLOWJACKETS!!!!!!!!    Edit: sorry I forgot to add the name of the actual college "
barometer#9333 wrote "Going to the University of Alabama (Harvard of the South) for engineering! ROLL TIDE :alphaa: :alphaa: :alphaa:"
Meech#4880 wrote "Committed to Northeastern University(  ) for CS+Math! GO HUSKIES!!!! :smugdoge:"
Cyanideeeeeee#4261 wrote "Committed to UC Davis for undeclared-life sciences with a possible minor in poly sci! Probably going on the premed track but Im not sure yet. Go Aggies! "
hashbrown#0116 wrote "committed to wellesley (undecided major)! so excited to spend the next 4 girlbossing "
Keybored#3705 wrote "Committed to UC San Diego for Computer Engineering in Muir College and with a Regents Scholarship! GO TRITONS! "